# --------------------------------------------------
# Changelog:
# --------------------------------------------------

## [0.1.1] - 2026-01-30

### ⚙️  Miscellaneous

- Feat 002 (#6)

* chore(version): version bump.

* fix(cspell): fixed cspell to include project name and namespace as words to avoid them causing the commit spellcheck from failing.

* feat(timestamps): Updates to add both date and year timestamps.

* refactor(template): Template was refactored to use project_slug rather than package_name.  Hopefully this helps improve cookiecutter_project_upgrader.  Also added updates for license file and jinja2-cli extensions.

* fix(funding): removed .github/FUNDING.yml from _copy_without_render.

* fix(cookiecutter): cleaned up the cookiecutter.json file.
- Revert "Feat 002 (#6)"

This reverts commit 560ce6be59543a2e24cd7e670e65bf6662bc4d50.
- Feat 002 (#7)

* chore(version): version bump.

* fix(cspell): fixed cspell to include project name and namespace as words to avoid them causing the commit spellcheck from failing.

* feat(timestamps): Updates to add both date and year timestamps.

* refactor(template): Template was refactored to use project_slug rather than package_name.  Hopefully this helps improve cookiecutter_project_upgrader.  Also added updates for license file and jinja2-cli extensions.

* fix(funding): removed .github/FUNDING.yml from _copy_without_render.

* fix(cookiecutter): cleaned up the cookiecutter.json file.

* fix(cookiecutter): turned hidden vars to dynamic hidden vars by changing '_' with '__'.
- Merge pull request #8 from jcook3701/develop

Feat 002 (#7)
- Feat 003 (#10)

* feat(license): Updates to license headers.

* fix(header): trying to fix too many newlines being added above header.

* refactor(license): reformat of license texts to be in alphabetical order.

* feat(header): Got license headers working.

* feat(cookiecutter): Setup cookiecutter renderer within build to make it possible to lint toml and yaml files before committing edits.

* fix(build): added cookiecutter to pyproject.toml to allow rendering of project from build.

* feat(build): Created tool to collect files by type and ignores the template directory.  Also Generate cookiecutter template that is linted through to avoid testing by pushing.
- Merge pull request #11 from jcook3701/develop

Feat 003 (#10)
- Feat 004 (#12)

* feat(git): Init check to make sure that the project has not already been initialized.

* fix(cspell): updated cspell to allow a few more words.

* fix(cspell): updated cspell to allow a few more words.

* fix(build): fixes for black within pyproject.toml.

* feat(template): Setup template upgrade from cookiecutter-cookiecutter project.

* Update template

* fix(upgrade): Fixed upgrade file to remove changelog generation during upgrade.

* Update template
- Merge pull request #13 from jcook3701/develop

Feat 004 (#12)
- Feat 005 (#14)

* fix(docs): readme badge fix.

* fix(ci/cd): fixed ci/cd to run on feature branches.

* fix(jinja): fixed template error in github pages ci/cd.
- Merge pull request #15 from jcook3701/develop

Feat 005 (#14)

### 🐛 Fixed

- *(template)* Fixed template ci cd errors.
- *(build)* Build fixes for license files.
- *(yamllint)* Updates to yamllint ignore section.
- *(build)* Fix for build-docs so that pre-commit can continue after docs are built without having to re-run git add command.
- *(ansible)* Created ansible galaxy-importer.cfg file to store configuration rather than trying to use the pyproject file.
- *(ci/cd)* Fix to changelog jinja templating.
- *(template)* Hopefully template fix.

### 🚀 Added

- *(template)* Updates to cookiecutter.json to run hooks.
- *(template)* Updates to cookiecutter.json to run hooks.
- *(git)* Added git attributes file.
- *(galaxy)* Setting up galaxy-importer for testing.
- *(galaxy)* Upgrades getting ready for first sub repository publishing to ansible galaxy.
- *(update)* Preparation for update from cookiecutter-cookiecutter project.
- *(docs)* Readme updates.
