## What's Changed
* feat(build): Fixed changelog gen with git-cliff.  Need to fix template changelog gen to use antsbull-changelog and antsichaut.
* feat(build): Makefile updates to allow creation of changelogs.
* feat(build): Updates to template Makefile & ci/cd (adding pre-commit-init, security, dependency-check, and spellcheck)
* feat(build): updates to ci, makefile, (codespell, deptry, pre-commit, & pip-audit)
* feat(pre-commit): added pre-commit tool to project to ensure that commit messages are good for git-cliff
* test
* test
* testing
* test
* update
* makefile updates
* updates to Makefile.
* updates to Makefile.
* fixed git-clif config file name
* bump version fix.
* adding format
* update
* update
* update
* update
* update
* test
* test
* test
* test
* test
* test
* test
* test
* test
* test
* test
* test
* test
* test
* test pre_gen_project
* updating Makefile to use git-cliff to manage changelog files.
* clean up imports
* makefile updates
* fix ci/cd errors
* Updates to python build tools.
* fixes to pass ci
* fixes to pass ci
* updates to ci for cookiecutter and both Makefiles.
* added new ci and major makefile updates
* updates
* updates
* updates
* updates
* updates for build_utils
* updates.
* updates.
* updates to cookie pyproject.toml and Makeifle for build_utils.
* updates to cookie Makefile build_utils.
* updates to cookie pyproject.toml build_utils.
* updates to cookie pyproject.toml and Makeifle for build_utils.
* makefile updates
* testing makefile updates
* testing makefile updates
* testing makefile updates
* testing makefile updates
* removed bad post_gen_projects.py file.
* Merge branch 'main' into develop
* Develop in [#1](https://github.com/jcook3701/ansible-galaxy-cookiecutter/pull/1)
* update to remove _shared_hooks
* moved hooks into cookiecutter to create modularity.
* testing
* import update
* split hooks into seperate files.  and update pytests config.
* test if i can run makefile from postgenhooks.
* test if i can run makefile from postgenhooks.
* makefile sphinx and autodoc fixes
* lame ansible-autodoc hack/fix.
* updates
* updates
* updates
* makefile update.
* python project updates to fit ansible project.
* general updates
* yaml-lint update
* updated hooks
* updated version within the changelogs and small updates.
* minor changes
* update pyproject files.
* cookiecutter updates.
* added base changelogs
* updates to post gen scripts.
* fixed name for hook file.
* Updates to fix pulling documentation cookiecutters.
* Makefile updates and getting ready for testing.
* Makefile updates, lint fixes, typecheck fixes.
* general project updates ci/cd etc.
* fixes for tests and jinja2 linting.
* yaml-lint fixes
* added yaml-linter
* updates
* added Makefile and pyproject.toml to make project easier to manage.  I should add these to my other cookiecutter projects as well.
* upates to README.md
* modified test code to use license file. README handled though docs cookie cutter.
* cookiecutter fix
* adding files to modify
* adding files to modify
* init commit ansible-galaxy-cookiecutter

<!-- generated by git-cliff -->
